passion is the the motto of this school
the tagline of the school is where
fashion meets purpose and the goal is
not only to create social workers but to
create more self-aware people in the
world to go out and find their mission
you will never obtain just a degree from
Ward's Weiler you will obtain
state-of-the-art education that will
really allow you to go into any type of
helping relationship and be a positive
strong force for change to do with this
degree is to go out and heal the world
we live in a wonderful world where
distance is not a barrier so repairing
the world is dealing with issues that
are affecting minority populations
immigrant populations homelessness
addictions military anything that is
going on that is in the news and
affecting people becomes a passion of
works Wyler and becomes a focus of our
program I'm passionate about producing
high quality really exceptional
practitioners and who can go out in the
world and literally change the course of
history any time somebody is working
intensely with an individual who's in
pain and can help that individual be
free from that pain or feel relief then
I know that we as social workers have
literally changed the course of history
just by going to work transforming the
world is our mission repairing the world
is our mission and we take that at word
soiler very very seriously it is a
program that makes you love social work
and makes you love what you do
you