when I think about students looking
towards college and where they want to
spend their college years I think
they're looking for a place where
they're going to see new horizons that
they never saw before I think they want
a place where they're not just be cared
for but where they're gonna be
encouraged and pushed to reach higher
sometimes students discover knowledge
that they never knew existed disciplines
that they never knew existed and so
virtually anything you want to study you
can study an issue the University
as an economics and sociology major it's
very very interesting here in why you
because you have professors were really
professionals and doing their own
research and they really engage you to
think outside the box in the sim school
we take many different core classes many
different business areas including
finance management marketing and we're
doing presentations and case studies
that really prepare us for the real
world so that when we have internships
and eventually when we get jobs we're
ready for what we need to do our
students are trained to think critically
and to think creatively it's really just
amazing to have the major that you love
if you love your professors you love the
work they're doing you're really
learning every single day
the students can interact with
professors because the classrooms are
small so really get to know each other
they can participate in various research
projects in the sciences and in the
humanities that sense that there's never
a bad question gave me the confidence
and the support to then go forward and
give other people confidence and support
and I think that's very crucial to what
I want to do in life the professor's
here want you to succeed they know you
they know your strengths they care about
you and your success and I don't think
there's a university in the world that
does it as well as you choose University