an issue of university what binds us all
together is a singular attachment to a
dream to a vision to a goal and that's
about education the advancement of
knowledge about values about caring
about improving this world and improving
ourselves
why you really drew me because of a
small class size and its individual
attention and the multiple opportunities
that it has all the teachers are always
available to talk to you for me and my
major I've been learning very tangible
things which I could bring to the actual
workforce I have a research lab students
really enjoy participating in research
it is so important to understand the
lessons from the classroom and to
actually do those experiments with their
own hands it gives students an advantage
when they're applying to medical school
dental school business school law school
you are really interacting with the
professor if you need any help getting a
resume done the professor tries to help
you as much as you can the Honors
Program takes our best students they
have access to the best professors the
Simms Honors Program is focused on
providing courses which are similar to
MBA level courses and this actually
brings our students to the next level
when they go out to their interviews the
professors are really anxious to get to
know the students faculty will help
students achieve their career goals so
they go to the best places the students
we sent over the last few years go to
MIT Princeton Columbia Harvard I feel
very prepared and I'm ready for the real
world
Arturo mana curriculum is clearly based
on the study of text in terms of Jewish
Studies but it's not just about the
study of texts it's about using Judaism
as a kind of guiding principle in the
students lives I decided to come to weiu
because it was the best place for me to
continue my Jewish education as well as
get a high class secular education or
we're able to learn you know Jewish
ethics Jewish laws Jewish traditions our
goal of university is to make sure that
every student has the environment that
they need to succeed
students could engage in serious Jewish
Studies on a college level they can at
the same time you learn for my future
and also improve my Jewish identity the
passion in the classroom is contagious
you know because we all share the same
values and this passion and is thirst
for learning the geared towards all
different levels you have guys from
public schools you have guys from
yeshiva it's really an amazing place
where you can explore yourself you can
grow
you can be engaged with your Judaism and
still be involved in service learning
experiences all over the world I had the
unique opportunity of joining 19 other
classmates of mine on a trip to Houston
Texas a relief mission to assist a
community after a tropical storm bill I
went to Haiti as part of a cjf mission
where we got to interact with the
students at orphanages and different
schools we're on a campus that is
supportive of its relevance we deal with
pro-israel activism we went down to
South Israel two cities with low
socioeconomic backgrounds to me that was
one of the most amazing opportunities at
weiu and that's something that you can't
get anywhere else
you can have everything here you can
have your high level of secular studies
your high level of Judaic Studies you
have a Jewish environment and you could
play any sport you want while being an
Orthodox Jew
a lot of our teams have been successful
over the last couple of years
men's and women's cross country teams
within the last two years have been
conference champions men's volleyball
has been a conference champion for four
out of the last six years wearing a
Shiva across our chest on the field of
play means that we can represent each
University and Jewish people in general
with character respect and integrity
they have given me a lot of
opportunities to be involved in
extracurricular activities personally
and also have served as stepping stones
for jobs and other things that I've done
and also they give me the opportunity to
not compromise on my religious
principles I am on student government my
favourite aspect for sure is the student
activities on campus there are about a
hundred clubs on campus and through that
I met a community of people I met a
bunch of new friends people don't
realize how diverse the community is
every single person has a different
story everybody has a different
personality everybody looks different
everybody talks different everybody's
from somewhere else and it really is
truly an amazing thing once you go to
walk around and see that firsthand
so there's a lot of opportunity have fun
New York City the concrete jungle is the
best place on earth this is the capital
of the world
I'm taking away incredible course this
semester it's a walking tour of New York
City is an architecture course walking
outside and taking advantage of living
in the middle of New York City is really
a great opportunity there's a ton of
activity used to do with your friends
it's a community where people have a
balanced view of what a college
experience is it's classes it's studying
it's community service it's learning how
to interact with diverse people our
future is wrapped up in the students we
educate and train and mentor who then go
out to be leaders in the community
I feel important here and that I'm
making a difference there is no other
place that puts together these pieces
that allows encourages and urges our
students to be their full and whole
selves the achieve University sits as a
purpose-driven institution that believes
in the timelessness of our heritage and
the boundlessness of our future
you