hi I'm Paul Russo from Yeshiva
University I'm the dean of the cat
School of Science and health and this
week has been amazing I had the
opportunity to stop in Vietnam and meet
with upgrad abroad students and the team
what a super group of people and then
only to come now to Delhi and meet with
upgrad abroad students and a number of
them a room full of them actually that
are coming to visit us at the Yeshiva
University in New York City
and just the energy of them was insane
right they were so engaged that students
many of them came with five six seven
years experience and now they're anxious
to come to New York City and study data
science AI cyber security and what's
more they didn't want to Simply learn
techniques and tools but they started
talking about problems I'm thinking of
one young man who wanted to focus on AI
and cyber security another another was
asking about well how can I bring in my
analytics techniques into some of the
marketing work that I've done before you
know and and tons and tons and tons of
questions about what will they learn
what I saw was a group of smart people
who were committed but we're looking
forward to doing really well and all of
I'm sure that all of them are going to
be ready for great jobs and impactful
careers this is just going to be great
and I can't thank you enough for having
me
[Music]