hello everyone I'd like to start by
expressing my utmost gratitude to all of
my peers and professors with whom I've
had the opportunity to interact over the
past three years most particularly
doctors Daniel Bell II asked and David
Johnston from whom I've genuinely
learned so much and of course I can't
even begin to put into words how
thankful I am to my parents and
grandparents and all my family for all
the love and support they've given me in
everything they've done for me as I lay
in bed a couple of nights ago thinking
about what I might want to say in the
short time slot given to me I was
suddenly struck with an acute feeling of
nostalgia and sentimentality I thought
back to who I was on August 27th 2017
when I sat next to my roommate no I'm
Annenberg unpacking my belongings and
Rubin Hall for the first time and I
thought about who I was just a few weeks
ago on May 18
2020 as I packed up my belongings from
the now deserted seventh floor of Rubin
Hall and needless to say those are two
very different people
but especially interesting to me were
the particular memories that came
flooding back when reflecting on the
things that have been so impactful in
shaping point now M as I finished my
college years at Yeshiva University as I
thought about the ways in which I've
changed memories of studying for
midterms writing papers and taking
finals or not when I initially recalled
instead I began thinking of the hours
I've spent talking about logic with dr.
David Johnson my mornings and the clock
based mesh with my Caruso Zack orange
line who just by the way is likely one
of the holiest people currently alive
the weeks I spent with my friends on why
use counterpoint program shout-out to a
rod which is by far the best City of the
three and the list goes on
my most poignant memories were of the
relationships I forged with the people
I've met over the last three years of
the people I mentioned just a few
moments ago none did I have a
relationship with before college and yet
every single one of them has had a
profound and overwhelming impact on me
in ways they likely don't even realize
and I would suspect that I'm not alone
in this I'm sure many of us when
reflecting on our most meaningful
experiences over the last three or four
years will think back to lengthy
conversations with professors maybe one
in particular in the Woolf campus
cafeteria moments of Epiphany with a hob
Russa and zeisman Gluck Klein or the
seventh floor of 2:45 or we even goodbye
to a date as they depart on the inter
campus shuttle our most meaningful
undergraduate moments did not have
they happened when we were with others
because we learn and grow and mature
most when we're in dialogue with one
another and so truly the most valuable
things we've gained from a years at
Yeshiva University are the relationships
we Forge and the connections we've made
with our professors and peers now I'm
sure you must be getting tired of the
constant references to the current
crisis so please bear with me when I say
the following but we leave college at a
time when we don't have a campus on
which to attend class or study for tests
what we're left with is our connection
albeit not physical to the people who
are most important to us class of 2020 I
think we've been given a unique gift
we've had to learn just how crucial it
is to appreciate their relationships
that are most dear to us we've been
literally forced to relate to our
undergraduate peers and professors over
the internet and we've had to learn this
just before we embark on our own
individual paths leaving many of these
relationships behind the Gemara and
Bravo's bhavam and Olive tells us that
the divine presence is to be found when
we learned Torah alone our words of
Torah are only written in the safer's of
Cronos the book of remembrances when
others are present learning with us and
so as we each begin our particular
journeys and we're no longer forced to
communicate with those who have impacted
us most I implore you
hold on to those relationships don't let
go of those connections continue to be
in contact with your professors and get
together with your college friends
because ultimately it is these
relationships that will determine the
person you'll become thank you and Mosel
totes the class of 2020 - the class of
2020 in saber strong parakiya-rasa cured
the Jewish people found themselves what
can only be described as a terrifying
situation after having just escaped one
of the most powerful empires in the
middle of the night after having been
seen as the cause of their suffering
through ten plagues including the
slaying of their first Born's the Jewish
people found themselves between the
angry murderous army of the Egyptians
and the sea being unable to imagine how
the next few hours would unfold you
would expect to see a multitude of
reactions but instead we only see one
the Jewish people call out to Hashem
expecting a response but instead Moshe
tells them that everything would be okay
and that she would take care of
everything
Hashem then calls out to Moshe but not
to the Jewish people telling him but
this is not the time to Dobbin
rather the time to leave to step up and
to help the Jewish people
Hashem tells Moshe to tell the Jewish
people to go forth leaving Bonet srl
with the question of where behind them
for the Egyptians in front of them the
sea we learned from the Midrash that
only one person needed to in fact go
forth and walk into the sea
which would result in its splitting
nobody does so the Midrash tells us that
perhaps perhaps everybody was arguing
over who would have this fuss or the
merit to go first
leading Phinehas route to safety but
others say who was actually who would
have the obligation regardless nobody
did knocks on ben-ami dog
eventually chooses to do so which
allowed the sea to split and allow for
the saving of the Jewish people this
semester and this graduation we have
found ourselves in an unimaginable
situation we are facing a tremendous
unknown in terms of impact duration and
recovery and while carrying weight of
these unknowns is difficult to say the
least
perhaps we unknowingly have a precedent
to look at in the situation that I just
described the Jews were faced with a
threat and they left everybody
frightened with almost complete
uncertainty about the future but through
the act of just one person everyone was
held as we leave why you I urge us all
to take with us a lesson of Noxon that
especially now let us not only follow
his lead but the lead of all essential
workers and every person who has stepped
up during this crisis when you see
something that needs to be done do not
ignore it and do not wait for somebody
else to do it instead take the task on
headfirst bear the responsibility and
most importantly never underestimate the
impact of yourself as an individual you
may not believe that you are ready but
the truth is nobody ever is rather
reflect on your time at weiu and on all
of the accomplishments and all the
incredible things that you learned both
in and outside of the classroom remind
yourself of that difficult exam it
seemed impossible but it was not remind
yourself of all the fussin initiatives
and club activities that you
participated in just
never having enough hours of the day
seems impossible that it was not remind
herself of the unity after all of the
tragedies that we had faced these past
few years
moving forward seemed impossible but it
was not
lastly remind yourself of all of those
people who have had an impact on your
time here
think about what obstacles they must
have faced that seemed impossible but
were not most importantly remind
yourself of your relationships with your
peers your friends your teachers your
family I most importantly Hashem draw
strength from these relationships so
that you may walk straight into whatever
task is waiting for you head on and help
everyone congratulations to the class of
2020
I feel really proud to be part of the
graduating class of 2020 Mazel Tov all
of my fellow graduates and thank you to
the sizin School of Business for
honoring me as valedictorian
I majored in finance and accounting and
so as you all can imagine I spent a lot
of time over the past four years
counting in fact from simple addition
all the way to complex financial
mathematics counting has been a key
component of the majority of my classes
however the truth is this stuff is not
what actually counts and at weiu we have
all been privileged enough to learn what
really does the world around us is
changed in such dramatic and
unpredictable ways in the past few
months but we the weiu graduates of 2020
are all fortunate to be equipped with
the values and ethics have been brought
to life by our time at school honesty
and integrity giving back to our
communities and a commitment to Torah
life are all fundamentals which really
do count because they help us pursue
productive meaningful and purposeful
careers and lives here at weiu we have
also learned who we can count on I've
had professors and teachers who have
challenged my thinking and encouraged my
growth I've benefited from the support
of alumni who've always cheered on my
successes and I've been lucky to have
friends who have been my time at weiu
who bought it fun I've also counted on
my parents back home in Canada and all
my them whether it be in Canada the US
or even in South Africa you guys have
always been my biggest fan finally one
of the greatest lessons I've learned
here at weiu is to always be asking who
can count on me I'm privileged I've had
an incredible education and wonderful
opportunities and I really hope to pay
this all for it as I embark on the next
stage of my life and so to the class of
2020 let's try to be remembered for far
more than just that class I graduated on
Zoo may we always be able to measure
what really counts
maybe appreciate and show gratitude to
those upon whom we can count
and may we always be willing to step
forward so that others are able to count
on us
Mazel Tov to you all thank you very much
[Music]
when people ask me what is one moment
that defines my experience at university
I have no answer I don't know about you
but for me there was no one memory that
stood out
no defining moment that encapsulated my
experience instead it was the small
pieces the everyday that made the
experience what it was it was the
friendships that were strengthened and
newly forged the ability to form
connections with the teachers and the
atmosphere and community of Stern built
on the mindset of living Torah and
emulating its ideals Torah radiated from
the classroom as well as from the baby
trash where Suberu Suberu Joe and Shirin
were taking place and in the halls of
stir those Torah ideals are being put
into practice a student sought ways to
help others by for example working two
distinct eyes and raise awareness for
mental illnesses to the active mindful
for by visiting babies and hospitals
giving their parents rest time through
the shuttle experiences are made up of
small pieces the big events are great it
is the details and everyday that form a
lasting impact as God told Ellie I wanna
God is not in the great and mighty wind
nor in earth shattering earthquake
neither in the fire rather he is in the
still small voice nicole Demonica I'm
truly grateful to the administration
faculty and my peers at Yeshiva
University for focusing on and valuing
the details of our college experience
and for each contributing the building
blocks those seemingly small pieces that
formed the vibrant and memorable picture
of our
time at why mazelTov to all of my fellow
graduates