[Music]
my current research focus on artificial
intelligence and their
applications especially in health care
domain and the transportation domain W
project is about how to detect complex
relationship between the diet and health
risks so this this project is funded by
L Institute of Health and we have
developed artificial intelligent
platform that can give some real time
suggestions to the doctors and also uh
the the
patients autonomous Vehicle Safety is
still the bigger concern today to
develop the new approach utilize the 5G
6G Communications utilize the distribute
machine learning to improve the
autonomous Vehicle Safety today's
research I cannot just do by myself you
know I work with a team together we can
make more impactful
projects I also teach artificial
intelligence class so I enjoying
teaching I enjoying work with students
department is becoming bigger and bigger
so that's something I I really excited
about the I would depine as a bright
future I really want to see the
future