[Music]
we visited a Google Facebook Mobileye
right now we're in bar-ilan University I
[Music]
think it's incredible to send students
here at the end of the day the future of
the Jewish people is gonna be in Israel
and we are changing the world by linking
why do you students with that future
it's gonna be very productive
whyyou is really the bridge between
Torah and tech the educational
institution is the primary place where
we build our next leaders and that's
what do I use that's what Stern is by
giving me the opportunity to go on this
trip why you have prepared me for my
future goals in the high tech workforce
for why you to have the students here
you know working towards their mission
in companies that really want to make
the world a better place and not just
for the Jewish people but for all people
I think it's incredibly important
[Music]