for a hundred years now mta has been
building foundations mta is really the
first high school that was founded on
the basis of this ideal of both jewish
studies and general studies where the
first modern orthodox school on a high
school level the mta community is a very
unique community because of its
far-reaching impact and therefore as we
celebrate the 100th year birthday of mta
it's an opportunity for the entire
community the entire large yeshiva
university and mta community to
celebrate together it also gives us an
opportunity to look ahead to think about
what the next hundred years could look
like to dream about what jewish
education could look like just like mta
set the bar
a hundred years ago we look forward to
continuing to set that bar for jewish
education across the world we're really
excited for our 100th year here at mta
happy birthday mta