yeshiva university is a private
institution founded in 1886 it has a
total undergraduate enrollment of 2744
it's setting is urban and the campus is
300 acres yeshiva university is Jewish
institution in New York City the
university is divided into three
undergraduate colleges yeshiva college
the stern college for women and the
system School of Business each at
campuses throughout Manhattan a
university shuttle systems transport
students between campuses the university
also has the campus in Israel where more
than 600 students a year study through
the s Daniel Abraham Israel program
freshmen are not required to live on
campus though many choose to do so there
are dozens of students organizations on
campus from a computer science club to
the changing Holocaust education
movement students design regular shabad
programs and produce publications at
each campus including newspapers the
commentator and the observer yeshiva
university Earth's accolades for its
highly ranked research opportunities at
the Albert Einstein College of Medicine
the school has a number of graduate
offerings Pacific to the Jewish faith to
the Israeli graduate school of Jewish
education and administration and the
bernal revel graduate school which
offers master's degree in areas such as
medieval Jewish history and Jewish
philosophy
[Music]