[Music]
yiv university offers community that you
really don't get anywhere else in the
world everyone here knows each other you
can walk around everyone has a smile on
their face everybody is so outgoing
everybody's so nice they introduce you
to their friends to their families to
their rabbis to their teachers it's a
feeling of specialness and it's feeling
of belonging that you really don't get
anywhere
else no matter where you come from
everybody will be here for you will
welcome you and push you to
succeed it's really amazing that I'm
surrounded by people that share my
values and share my goals hu is a
community and a
family we're on a campus that is
supportive of Israel and we deal with
pro-israel activism there's many
humanitarian trips that they offer not
only to Israel to all over the world and
I think that people are seeing this
positive impact that Yi University
students are making in in Israel and the
Jewish community and throughout the
world honestly they have given me a lot
of opportunities to be involved in
extracurricular activities and also they
give me the opportunity to not
compromise on my religious principles I
am on student government my favorite
aspect for sure is the Student
Activities on campus I've been on the
baseball team I've been on the radio
show club I've been to Haiti I've been
on tourah tours um I've met more people
in the past two years than I have in my
my whole life I met a community of
people I met a bunch of new friends I
found out a lot of different things I'm
interested in and I'm current you know
I'm constantly attending events people
don't realize how diverse the community
is every single person has a different
story everybody has a different
personality everybody looks different
Everybody Talks different everybody's
from somewhere else and it really is
truly an amazing thing once you able to
walk around and see that firsthand New
York City the conrete jungle is the best
place on Earth this is the capital of
the world if you want to go to a
Broadway show you could get student Rush
ticket there's also many kosher
restaurants Yu is a central address for
a university experience that is enriched
by our Jewish
[Music]
values