the student services here at university
they really make the time to meet with
you help you with picking your classes
and making sure that you are on the
right track they give you personal
attention to find you incredible
internships incredible connections where
you can have experience it's not only in
the classroom that they're helpful
they're helpful with education outside
the classroom we're located in New York
City and we capitalize on that by
internships commercial for whether it's
in a non-profit setting all here in New
York City
why use Career Center's really helped me
in terms of pursuing my career in terms
of mock interviews on-campus interviews
off campus interviews popping me build
my resume so for eight years running 90%
of our graduating undergraduate student
population has been either employed or
in graduate school within six months of
graduation
our alumni are all over different
industries and due to that we've had an
influx of big four accounting firms top
investment banks consulting firms
actuarial companies various marketing
firms tech companies I went to the
Career Center which landed me an amazing
internship this year at urban science in
Detroit they offered me a part time job
this year and next year they're looking
for me to start full-time i intern at a
marine field station called the river
project which is downtown
they provide education and outreach
about urban ecology I was able to learn
about the fish and teach other people
about them I worked at a an app startup
I found my internship through weiu
Career Center's message boards they have
jobs posted every single day
when we empower students and we teach
them how to have negotiating skills how
to manage their time how to deal with
stress how to master an interview these
are skills which are intended to serve
them immediately but they'll continue to
draw upon throughout their careers the
faculty here really are focused on me I
can walk into the pre-med office and I
can walk into academic advisement or
Career Center Office of Student Life and
they say hi Rafa they know me and that
helped me succeed in my future
the faculty cares that they know the
students because they get involved with
the students from from orientation from
day one and what we do is we prepare the
students for life at the achieve
University
you