we are back tonight with a story
regarding an orthodox jewish school that
could have far-reaching implications
including for catholic education late
last week the supreme court blocked an
attempt to force yeshiva university in
new york city to recognize a same-sex
pride organization a group of students
formed the yu pride alliance back in
2020 in response the university
introduced several on-campus changes but
did not officially recognize the group
the students find a lawsuit and over the
summer a judge in new york ruled in
their favor in blocking that ruling the
supreme court said it will further
address this case in the coming weeks
and we go now to rabbi yakov menkin
managing director of the coalition for
jewish values rabbi welcome back great
to be with you as always a lot to get to
but first talk to us more about this
case and why it's so significant
the significance for all universities is
simply that the
the judge in new york was prepared to
override the religious nature of the
university and force
what they now consider the american
standard of acceptance of lgbtq and
promoting its activity
as something to be celebrated
by a campus organization and so
in this case it was explicitly from the
rabbis who are the spiritual heads of
this particular university who said we
cannot accept this club and the judge
who herself by the way is jewish and the
graduate of a religious jewish
undergraduate university but a member of
lgbtq
clubs within the bar and the
international
lawyers association uh herself was
prepared to override what the rabbis had
to say
and what is next in this case
well this was actually a somewhat
surprising uh block coming from justice
sotomayor uh you know that's that's uh
that really says something because she's
clearly on the left amongst the current
justices of the supreme court i think
she is signaling that other courts are
going to overturn this judge's ruling
and it's not going to
succeed if it does get a scotus it's a
very important religious liberty case
for all sorts of religious academic
institutions for them to be able to
operate according to their faith
dictates while also providing a secular
education rabbi i want to talk about
something else but staying in new york
officials there are set to strengthen
their oversight of private and religious
schools this after complaints that
children who graduate from orthodox
jewish schools
lack some academic skills what more can
you tell us about this
well it's interesting that that's a very
similar case because it's an effort by
people on the left to so to force their
woke priorities upon everyone else uh
this is a group of ex-orthodox
malcontents
who wish to damage the community from
which they came and all you need to look
at to know that is the attitude of their
own siblings to what they're promoting
it's obviously very offensive to the
people of the book to tell us we're
incompetent to educate our children and
that's what this state government is
trying to do now i happen to send my
kids to schools where they get in a
pretty advanced secular education
but not all the hasidic schools do that
but it's all about parental choice do
parents get to determine how their
children are educated or does government
get to choose that for them that's what
this is all about you what has been the
response from the jewish community about
this
well this has been a tremendous unifier
in the orthodox community there were
many in the more modern orthodox
community whose schools really do
function as
you know religious schools but secular
prep schools at the same time with a
very high end secular education and they
were very on the fence about this
there's a lot of people who say ah the
hasidic places should be teaching more
english studies etc
this has been a unifier you recognize
when the woke new york times is doing is
is filling an article with anti-semitic
tropes while it attacks the hasidic
education system that something really
sinister is going on and so like i said
it's been a total unifier for the
orthodox community to understand that
this is wrong and it's not going to lead
to anything good yeah we have about a
minute left or so but also i'm wondering
rabbi if you could talk about the impact
of this case on catholic and christian
schools as well
well think about
what's going on in the public schools
they're talking about systemic racism in
math the
version of the three r's now going into
the public schools includes mandatory
dei et cetera et cetera they don't just
want their woke indoctrination in public
schools they want to trample your right
to choose how your child is educated
even if you are willing to pay for it
whilst at the same time facing the tax
burden of supporting the public schools
it's really unbelievable when you think
about it yeah we're going to leave it
right there rabbi mankin always great to
get your insights thank you so much for
coming on
thank you for having me