[Music]
SI Sims opened up a door of opportunity
for me that I couldn't even imagine I
love all of the
opportunities I love being City it's the
place to be especially when you're
younger because there's so much
happening and there's so
much I wanted to be in the city I really
love the fact that like I live on 34th
Street
everything turns into a group activity
when you're with friends and it was very
easy here to make friends to adjust
there's always clubs that you can join
I'm on the soccer team that's a huge
deal that's part of my experience as
[Music]
third the AL koser cafeteria at zon
School of Business alleviates my warries
of being a strange for my friends so I
would be at other universities
scon has allowed me to attend a great
business school while keeping all our
[Music]
studies having the community in the
synagogues and the schs and the bate mad
and the
[Music]
libraries the facilities at Sim are
unmatched to be in New York City and to
have amazing beautiful dorms and to have
a huge library and to have all these
resour
I'm a Sim student I'm a Sim student I'm
a Sim student I'm a Sim student I'm a
Sim student I'm a Sim student I'm a Sim
student I'm a Sim student
[Music]