college basketball's most dominant team
right now is trying to stay undefeated
tonight not duke purdue or baylor but a
team from a small jewish university in
new york city
the the yeshiva maccabees haven't
dropped a game since before the pandemic
44 wins in a row now on the fourth night
of hanukkah the team's trying to make it
45
but the players say their real goal is
much bigger than just keeping the streak
alive cnbc's contessa brewer has their
story takes it to reef down low replays
it up and lays it in what a fine by ryan
terrell this division iii team has the
longest active winning streak in the
ncaa it's the kind of record even
legendary teams pray for all the
doubters and people saying that jews
can't play basketball
we want to prove them wrong and you know
really set an example for all the kids
that doesn't matter where you're coming
from doesn't matter who you are or what
what you believe in that you you can
succeed in life brian terrell aims high
he wants to play for the nba as the
first orthodox jew as a college junior
he's a star player for the maccabees
recruited from southern california to
new york lured away from division 1
schools but his faith and this
basketball program made yeshiva
university his pick i had a few other
options coming out of high school to be
able to play
stay religious and play basketball at a
high level and try to win a national
championship yeshiva university in
manhattan has just 2600 students all of
them including the basketball players
are required to participate in intense
jewish studies for hours a day some
players wear yarmulkes on the basketball
court some observe the sabbath so games
are scheduled around it prayer is
central to daily life though not every
player is orthodox or even observant
everybody everybody's on a different
scale
of religion so i think just having that
and knowing how to respect each other
off the court
brings brings a lot to the team when
we're on the court and it helps us with
our chemistry and teamwork
the coach preaches selflessness and says
it's been the glue to keep this team
focused during pandemic ups and downs
the fact that we have that mentality
kind of throughout from player 1 through
15 is really the main reason that we've
had success and the long streak of
victories is now attracting attention
from nba talent scouts and high school
players from all over the country some
who aren't jewish this program has been
around for decades and we've never had
this kind of success before
and it's a testament to the hard work of
the student athletes and to the coaching
staff and just maybe a bit of divine
intervention whoa what was that that was
from out of this world the players say
this streak has been an amazing
distraction during the pandemic but what
they really want
is a national championship
shepherd smith here thanks for watching
cnbc on youtube