our goal for each and every one of our
tamidim is not just to learn torah but
to love torah to live torah to make
torah a part of their life there's never
enough learning there's never enough
growing you can never be content in
where you are any talmud on any level
can gain from mure kodesh
we have shirim on the most advanced
levels where there are tamir saying
kaburas on very advanced levels on post
high school and base meadows levels and
yet we have shiurim that are on the most
basic level that are anchored by
tremendous tamira kahome by rabonimon
communities there's not a single student
in this yeshiva that falls through the
cracks every talmud is cared for and at
every single level we're able to provide
for them a limited kurdish program that
is challenging for them and that really
pushes them to the next level
the learning that i do it just it comes
to life whether it's learning with my
urbanium one-on-one or in the classroom
setting whereas learning with my great
club rusa's i'm able to make it real and
i'm able to make it impact my life i've
grown tremendously since i've come to
mta my learning my ability to read a
gemara to understand what it's saying to
read him before she and re showing him
there's a base madrid that's rocking day
and night where you can feel that
atmosphere of kedusha that you feel only
in the yeshiva
lightsaber and mta is incredibly
inspirational and the boys come and sit
for hours and hours hazarding reviewing
going over their rebbe's notes
discussing with each other giving each
other kaburas it's incredible to watch
at the end of the year we celebrate the
torah learning and accomplishments of
all of our tamidim at our seom our sudas
predator it allows us to celebrate with
our friends with our beim
everything that we've learned we have
shabbat tones throughout the year we
have halaqa trips where they learn about
a certain area
then they experience that firsthand this
year that we had you know from nine
o'clock in the morning until until the
key stater ended at 1 30. the fact that
all of us were in the base managers
every single night that was something
really special that all the guys it
wasn't even like a question those were
the role models we had both from a band
perspective and also from the older guys
in school there was kind of there was
like a standard that they all said that
yeah you're going to die you're going to
learn and and and it's awesome when a
talmud sees that a rebbe really cares
it's not just there to give over
information but a rebbe really really
cares about the personal growth and
well-being of that talmud atomic sees
torah as more than just a subject it's a
way of life they want you to succeed
that's what makes them so amazing is
that they want you to do well whatever
it is they're always there for you they
cared just as much about my gosmius as
they did my rockness my rabbits would
come to my basketball games and ask me
how it went just as much as they cared
if i understood what we learned in cheer
that day it's so different than anywhere
else you're treated like an adult you're
treated like a college student for the
day you walk in the door because
the people you're sitting next to in the
basement is the people you share the
hallways with they are and that gives
you an opportunity to look at what your
future can hold for you you know after
they graduate mta and they go out and
they're building their own their
families and starting to work the
commitment to talmud torah remains the
the memories of being in a high school
where tamatora was at the forefront of
everything that we do so much of our
hashgaffa of our world view the world
view of our yeshiva is shaped here in
this building where we have an
understanding and appreciation of the
primacy of torah and yet the value of
mad our alumni honorees the muslim are
really the epitome of this
motto this value system of ours each of
them set aside several years to immerse
in talmatora upon graduating college
before they went to whatever
professional capacity so many of the
programs teach the concept and the value
of using your time effectively and
always growing the goal is to create
benay torah and that bar hashem is what
our yeshiva does so well it's create
people who are seriously committed to
torah and to growth in your shaman
[Music]