the psyche statement School of Business
is my home away from home
science is the place that drove me to
fulfill my dreams sighs them school of
business prepares you for life
experience that shapes me as a person
when I think of sighs Sims I think of
support it's not just a school it's your
life I decided to come to SCI sims
because I really felt that SCI Sims
offered so many opportunities and roles
for students to be involved in a part of
what I really love about my role inside
Sims is that I'm able to take what
happens inside of the classroom outside
of the classroom
classes are really hands-on there's a
very good teacher student ratio which
really enabled a good relationship with
the teacher
the real difference about size Sims is
the personal interaction that the
student has with the faculty advisors
Dean's etc
I wasn't sure if I wanted to major in
finance so I spoke to my professor and
he's he'll help me like pave that way
it's really implementing theoretical
practices into real-world experience
Rachel Krauss is actually a science
graduate and she is managing the New
World Trade Center development
she brought down 15 size sim students to
see what was happening before it was
open to the public
she gave some on field experience of
what being a manager being the marketer
and really a graduate of size Sims is
like if we're not able to apply what
we've learned then what's the point from
the World Trade Center construction site
I had a whole new insight about how to
lead a business there's so much here
like it's so easy to get involved here
and like there's so much to be involved
in you have so much done we have
panelists we have lectures I had the
privilege to take part in why use Char
Char club I was director of marketing
for this farm sale I joined the
volleyball team which exposed me to a
whole new group of friends
taking on roles in various clubs and psy
seems really introduced me to such
amazing and diverse group of people it's
crazy like if I didn't go to Sims I feel
like I just wouldn't have this
incredible friends
the Jewish education here it's it's a
necessity that people don't realize
everything we do is inspired by the
Jewish ethical tradition the day we're
all going home to something so much
bigger and it's such a bigger picture
going to different events and meeting
different Orthodox Jews who are
currently out there in the business
world really helped give me a sense of
knowledge of what Jewish leaders in the
business world do and how they're
perceived simms prepared me for life
after college because it gave me the
work ethic and the ability to manage my
time it's really how I felt in my time
here that I've really been pushed to an
extent that I never thought possible I
actually love going to the Career Center
I feel that they're always so welcoming
and nice they also sat with me and mock
interview me multiple times to make sure
I was prepared and you know well-spoken
articulate I'm grateful for the time I
spent here I find that I want to get
back to centers after the graduate the
values that we inspire and the students
here service kind of anchors in this
sort of chaotic world of business my
values and beliefs are intrinsic to my
personal life and I find it impossible
to separate them from my business life
we all have a passion for greatness we
all have a passion to reach a certain
goal and that is what brings us together
here Sam Sam's