[Music]
orientation is a special time because it
allows everybody to come to y-you to
settle to meet friends develop
relationships that will last throughout
their college career and through their
lives I'm looking forward to starting
classes like meeting everyone inside my
classes meeting my teachers we've been
working a few days now to make
orientation what it is everyone worked
really hard to make this a great day for
all the new students people have been
here already for a week trying to I get
preps get trains you know learn
everything they need to know to make it
the best experience possible for
everybody
I'm helping for my son to have a great
academic year both Jewish and secular
I'm excited for the city and to start
classes
I chose y-you for the Jewish life I
wanted something with the Judaic Studies
I wanted to be around like the Jewish
environment it's very important to have
Torah in your everyday life and why use
Jameel though one college that offers
that has really built into the system
you know I was immature like a what
school should I go to and then boom you
CV University and that was like okay you
Sheva setting that's where I should be
I'm looking forward to further growing
from a while you can offer me which is
Torah in the morning and you know my
college education of the afternoon
meeting new people I'm looking forward
to making a lot of friends and learning
a lot just having the New York
experience while my orientation
experience has been great honestly
everyone's been really nice to me and
we're excited to welcome everybody
excited being here