more than 80% of students at Yeshiva
University find some form of scholarship
or financial aid to help them attend
college
unlike other universities Yeshiva
University takes into account that many
of our families attend to private
schools as you prepare for your college
education you may be wondering how to
apply for financial aid and what your
options are this brief video will go
through the process of applying for
financial aid at Yeshiva University
financial aid is defined as funds that
are provided to students and families to
help pay for post-secondary educational
expenses they can be in the forms of
scholarships grants loans employment
opportunities and tax benefits it can
come from the government civic
organizations employers the college's
themselves and the community financial
aid is dependent on your financial need
which is calculated by subtracting the
expected Family Contribution from the
cost of attendance the cost of
attendance varies widely from college to
college it is composed of direct and
indirect costs such as tuition and
housing or books supplies and other
personal expenses related to college
attendance the expected Family
Contribution stays the same regardless
of college and based on a federal
formula is the amount the family is
reasonably expected to contribute that
federal formula is created by filling
out the FAFSA the Free Application for
Federal Student Aid it takes into
account the number of people in the
household how many of them are in
college adjusted gross income for the
year all investments assets and business
value investments can include real
estate trust funds stock options and
education savings accounts investments
do not include the home you live in life
insurance and retirement plans the FAFSA
Awards most aid through a first-come
first-served basis so it's always best
to submit the FAFSA as soon as possible
the earliest you can submit the FAFSA is
October 1st yeshiva university
understands that many of our students
and parents have additional expenses
that the FAFSA doesn't cover
that's why why you created the private
school tuition expense form that lets
you tell us how much you spend on your K
through 12 education we are one of the
few universities that takes this
important expense into account in
addition yeshiva university offers a
number of merit-based scholarships from
the dean's scholarships to the honors
scholarships we work with you to make
weiu affordable for you our team of
dedicated staff and the admissions and
financial aid departments will work
closely to allow you to attend the shiva
university in total yeshiva university
distributes over forty four million
dollars in aid to make the dream of
attending weiu a reality if you have any
additional questions about the process
of applying for financial aid or how
y-you can help with the process please
don't hesitate to reach out to our
financial aid and admissions staff we
look forward to seeing you at Yeshiva
University
[Music]