to me success is making early on August
and starting as a business analyst in
mckinsey's television office in
September I became a leader at Yu
through the countless opportunities the
shepherd globach center offered me it
helped me shape my own journey I was
able to try political internships and
legal internships and non-profit
internships all of those experiences
guided me towards where I am today Yu
has allowed me to pursue my passion in
both science and in business and I am
now pursuing a career in healthcare
Consulting at PWC the shave at glaubach
Center helped me polish my resume and
Linkedin profile to create an impactful
personal brand soon after replying I
received an invitation to interview and
received my job offer a few weeks later
throughout my journey at Yu I have been
incredibly blessed to have various
different mentors including the Shabbat
Global center staff the accounting
department and upperclassmen who have
all helped me on my journey to success I
was inspired when the Consulting Society
held a panel where I was able to hear
from a firm woman who talked about her
success as a leader in the Consulting
industry learning to take care of myself
allowed me to successfully take care of
others
to me the giving is just as important as
the receiving success for me is building
connections with other people whether
that be mentors peers and learning from
everyone around me I made an impact
volunteering in Vienna bringing
happiness to my Ukrainian brothers and
sisters fleeing the war making a
difference in the lives of those who
need our help the most showed me that in
both big and small ways we can change
the world
[Music]
foreign
[Music]