the big reason why I came here was
because I wanted to continue my Jewish
studies at the highest level there is a
really diverse background of students
but everyone comes here they really want
to further their education and further
their religious growth I really wanted
to be in Jewish environment where I
could continue learning Torah it's an
exciting time it's the beginning of a
point in their life where they will
figure out what kind of woman they want
to be what kind of Jew they want to be
what kind of professional they want to
be we're creating a community of
Learners who are at similar stages in
their Jewish Journeys in terms of
learning in terms of their Jewish
identity and they come from all over the
world whether you're spig or ashkenaz
it's very all-encompassing of different
backgrounds and different types of
people there are different levels of
judaic classes so even if you feel like
you don't know a certain area or you
just don't know anything or you know a
lot and you want to take that further
there's oh there's something for you
you're not going to get some of these
kinds of new on is anywhere else in
terms of Jewish studies in terms of
academic Jewish studies in terms of tah
studies these students come prepared
they are interested as a group and they
appreciate learning it's a little harder
because you have your tests and you have
your work but it really like you still
feel that you want to learn and you
enjoy the classes and you're taking them
cuz you want to and not just cuz you
have
to every student is here because they
chose and want to be here because of the
the complexity and the the multi-layered
nature of our studies program and our
wonderful faculty we have the capacity
to deal with all these different
students both separately and together
Stern College caters to a wide range of
students the two beginning levels are
part of our basic Jewish studies or
mahina program M Pathways is a 2-year
program it really creates Community it
creates bonding it's not just an
intellectual experience but it's an
experience that provides them with
something that's going to be integrated
and meaningful in their lives the
professor
are so helpful outside the classroom
they always are willing to discuss
things with you whether it be a concern
or has concern I really think that
that's amazing I've been given
opportunities to go ahead and become a
leader I've been given the opportunities
to run Shabbat programming give shim
give kabas I know my students I know the
students I'm teaching um I've had
discussions with them inside the
classroom outside the classroom many of
them have have been to my home for
Shabbat I've watched students as they
enter Stern and students as they leave
Stern and it's amazing how they blossom
and how they grow why you is what made
me who I am
today