[Music]
I know my cuisine back up Allah cannot
give in IUDs be a dirty fellow
he Medina this is the world makeover
will come take a look forward to the
[Music]
scream
I share I share
I share
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I wanna get up and leave I don't wanna
get up everything's the same I wanna get
up and leave
[Music]
hey Milo father King David's Rock Your
Honor we dip out like the struggle we
can you try to whomever couch
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
wake up my friend we got-we bracing the
shimmer none of ourselves but cleaver
its Riley we know we're aging the world
we won't let him go even if the world
don't turn the fire will burn the edge
tell me some sacrifice put a shot me
with laughing loud screaming loud we're
gonna take the crown bring it back
straight to the king then we bow mouths
complete yep pick up a mix from lay down
the hate
the villain is great what we can say
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]