you you
gotar once you get your stickers and
your dros please come over to the steps
so we can count you for the world
record over
here
five you guys think you're going to do
it are you going to break the record
what's
up
we love for you my name is Jason Catz
and I'm co-president of students helping
students and we're at dral paloa 2010
where we aim to break the Guinness world
record for most people spinning a drele
at the same
time these are mass produced drel these
are not like the Dres I have at home
they're not they're not going to win any
endurance competitions they go for 10
seconds
though
oh thank you for joining us for what is
going to be a record breaking
night when we say spin we need all you
guys to Spin 5 4 3 2 1
SP
students helping students scholarship
table over there anyone who wants to
give donations for students helping
students over there thank you very much
students helping students is a student
run organization in yiva University
which includes yiva college and Stern
College we're here to raise
undergraduate scholarship money in yiv
University it's really important because
80% of our students are on scholarship
Yu gives me you know a number of loans
large amount of you know money each
semester you know for me to continue my
study here and I mean I feel that you
know like they're so generous enough to
to let me that money then why can't I be
generous enough to help them raise that
money Kaneka in fact is the is the
holiday that teaches us that just when
we think everything is getting dark and
Factor can be light what's brighter than
students taking responsibility forming a
group like students helping students the
major need in our community certainly
the major need at yiv University is to
provide the fund so that students can
benefit so that they'll be able to spin
gradles and all that comes with it 3 2 1
we did it we did
it yeah it's great it's great feels
unbelievable knowing that we did this
able to bring everybody here together to
break a record bring the awareness out
on campus for student scholarships
students helping students itself show
everybody what yiba university has to
offer we just want to thank
everybody