foreign
I'm very excited to be here
um it's kind of sad to be leaving Stern
which is kind of like a family to me by
now after being here for three years but
it's very exciting I'm moving on with my
life and I've had an amazing three years
here and I'm just very excited to be
here I would love to make Alia in the
future if it's possible for me so
sometime in the future I would love to
actually do it to make Alia I am part of
the 2013 graduating class of Yeshua
University I've graduated with so many
terrific friends terrific friendships
which I've made I've made I met terrific
verbum terrific terrific teachers the
entire water Administration they've all
done so much for me of course my my
initial cars at 12 goes to car Sparkle
for putting why you on the map the map
of America the map of the American
jewelry and it's real it's really
exclusive for me to for me to join this
legendary graduating class of 2013 and
just all the classes which have gone
through the the doors of issue
University during my years in Yeshua
University I had the tremendous
privilege of having of having president
Richard Joel as my professor in a
management leadership class of the sisim
School of Business and it was really it
was it was it was a tremendous
opportunity to see The Man Behind the
Chair the man who we all see as
President Joe and to just get an
understanding of who he was and he told
us a little bit about his personal life
and we saw really how much he means to
Yeshiva how much he means to achieve
University and it was and it was an
incredible opportunity which I charged
told the state to have that important
relationship with President Joe
definitely love to see myself and
Richard Sherman my family making Aliyah
and living and growing in in arts Israel
and land of Israel and I do hope to I do
hope in the future to board the plane
and head over to the land of Israel
would be remiss if I did not mention my
parents who who they love me and they
cares much for me and they saw it as a
true priority in their lives to give me
this tremendous education in Yeshiva
University so I really thank them from
the bottom of my heart for all that
they've done for me and for being such
terrific Role Models people who I've
learned so much from and in return we
should share many more glorious
occasions together
um Israel is not just a place that we
that exists for us to go on Pace
applications or for the summer or for
winter break it's a country where people
live where we can live and plant our
lives
you know with our jobs our daily
you know with our jobs our daily lives
it's a it's a place where we can grow
and where we can plant seeds for our
future generations for our children for
our grandchildren and we can do that by
starting today by filling out your
application and that fish benefits and
just give it a go we have the
opportunity and not always was this
opportunity available and there's what's
the real reason why not to try out what
are you afraid of what are you avoiding
what do you have to lose worst case if
it's not for you you can come back to
America you're not closing any Doors by
going there if anything I really believe
that you're going to gain a lot
personally
maybe professionally there's so many
programs universities graduate programs
for oleem
um
and really it'll just add a lot of
flavor to your life
to relationship with Judaism with rxc
Sorel it's
there's really no place in the world
like it for Jews we're the majority
there and each and every person that
moves to Israel it's
um
it's a huge suit that we didn't always
have and today we haven't we should
really should really think about it and
realize how lucky we are we're very
fortunate I have until age 26 to go on a
free 10-day program to do for free
you're not paying anything you get to
travel from the south to the north
you're in the city center Tel Aviv
Jerusalem Detroit Israel for 10 days
with a great group of people and
soldiers get to know the country and
then you have the option of extending
your ticket for a few months it's a
great way to just discover Israel on
your own and get to know the country see
how you feel about living there about
visiting their massage programs I highly
recommend it it's for ages 18 through 26
and you really it's an incredible
opportunity
just be in Israel
and get to know people your age
Americans and Israelis alike and see
what it's like it's ugly is an
incredible organization
um
founded about 13 years ago
that enables Jewish youth ages 18 to 26
to go to Israel on a paid for a trip
fully funded and get to get in touch
with their their Zionism with their
Judaism or the state of Israel all
within 10 crazy packed full days
um it's something that really is truly a
gift and it's brought about so far 350
000
uh youth from all around the world
Jewish youth to Israel within 13 years
a lot of people afterwards come back to
Israel to study or even to live many
have made Alia also after it's ugly
the Yeshiva University has over 600
undergraduate students this today that
graduated
the unique experience of Yeshiva
University is that you can be part of
the Torah institution but also be part
of a college and have that unbelievable
Shiloh of that partnership between
studying Torah as well as studying
academic studies we hope that our
students first of all many of them will
make Aliyah many of them will
participate and be part of the larger
Israeli population the largest
university outside of Israel that has
people that made Alias Yeshiva
University and we also hope that our
students that remain here in the galloup
will play a wonderful role in tikku
Nolan in helping to affect change in our
Jewish communities and the larger
society well first of all almost every
single student at Yeshiva University
spends a year of study in Israel so
that's one thing the second thing is
that we have a office in Israel so we
create an infrastructure we create a
support system for them for those who
make aware to let them know that through
our alumni in Israel we can help them
find jobs we can help them
feel comfortable within Israel itself
and obviously through the wonderful work
of nephesh benef which is also an
alumnus of Yeshiva University Rabbi Josh
fast
we we really speak about the importance
of living in Israel in addition for
example this summer over 60 of our
students will be in your Demona kiryakat
Kira and Arad and beersheva working with
students at risk youth at risk and
helping them through various forms of
summer camps and tutoring in English and
they'll dedicate their summer in order
to work with those those students in the
development towns and what happens to
our students when they do that is they
realize that they really want to spend
their time and to live in Eric Israel
Medina Israel a new activity in Memphis
is that our new flagship program is that
over the last few years we've been
developing the periphery and our Focus
has been on developing the North North
and we recently launched a go south
program as well that we're trying to
build a periphery in the south southern
Israel we don't convince anyone this is
this is a desire this is a that's in
people's heart that they want to come
the organization is built to remove the
obstacles that that somehow inhibit or
not okay the individual from coming here
all the individuals that come to netfish
to ask for our help are individuals that
are dreaming that are wanting that
Desiring to come but there's certain
obstacles that prevent them to fulfill
their dream the organization is built to
remove those obstacles to bring that
wave of Alia before before we create an
efficient beneficial sadly almost 50
percent of the people that made Aliyah
from North America returned so we
basically felt that it was not just
important to bring individuals to Israel
but the success is to have them thrive
in Israel and therefore we built a whole
staff and activities to enable
individuals to really hit the ground
running with employment with social
advocacy helping them with Buddy
families helping with the school
allowing them to have a cletana that's
successful and our retention right now
is over 95 which is incredible concept
to see that 10 12 years ago is 50 people
who went back and that were over 90
percent of people who are staying which
itself speaks for itself what I said
today in this speech to the graduates is
that it doesn't necessarily mean that
you have to move to Israel but they have
to leave Israel their hearts their
thoughts that below to their actions
should be always directed to Israel
doesn't mean that every single family
has to go even though that would be
remarkable it means that people have to
be oriented and adjusted and always have
that keyboard that Compass calibrator
calibrated to move to Israel to want to
help Israel
yeah
foreign