helping others is in your DNA caring
reaching out being sympathetic and a
good listener is what you do every day
at the worst Wyler School of Social Work
at Yeshiva University we know that it
takes a special person to be a social
worker and we want to make it as
convenient as possible for you to
succeed which is why we launched live
online live online gives you a
convenient way to earn your Masters of
Social Work degree by providing the
exact same education you get in an
in-person classroom environment with the
convenience of online learning live
online available exclusively from you
Shiva lets you take live classes with
the same curriculum faculty and
classmates as a traditional university
program but with the convenience of
attending remotely advance your career
with a Masters of Social Work degree
from the word spoiler school apply to
the live online program today