yiv
University is the campus base of the
pro-israel
community it is where the next
generation of leaders are nourished
educated and inspired to lead lives of
influence and impact but yiv University
is more than that and a Topsy Turvy
world of college campuses yiv University
stands for something even greater it's
called the truth
there are two ways this story can turn
from this moment this could be the
beginning of the end in which the story
of the Jewish people in America and
America itself begins its descent or
this could be the end of the beginning
in which we emerge into a new phase in
which our core to values and American
values move to the Forefront of the
national agenda
and if the holiday of Kana has taught us
anything it's that we do not wait to see
how this story
unfolds we work and we determine the
ending of this story there are
moments when history sends you an
invitation and this my friends is such a
moment there has been no time in history
that has needed the flagship Jewish
University more then right now together
we will stand now and forever I'm
[Music]
Israel