my name is Liam Elia hi and parries and
Dale I'm Alex Celeste knee alleys all
about Klein
my name is libido I'm Rahul Hirsch
Michael is Erin my name is Samuel Gelman
my name is Esther Finkelstein it was
really natural they come to why you
where you can thrive in a Jewish
environment and also of a high level of
education I wanted a place where I could
gain a strong foundation in finance
fundamentals and just the fundamentals
of business there's no one set recipe
for what you do at weiu it's all about
what story you want to write I didn't
come into Stern college knowing what I
want to do I really took the time to
figure it out I took classes and all
different disciplines
I developed an appreciation for the arts
whether a painting class or interpreting
the arts class I wanted to get back to
my Jewish heritage I didn't even go to a
Jewish high school and the JSS
programmer I got to meet people from
every country the conversations that
I've had with my fellow students whether
in the classroom or outside have really
inspired me to grow as a person one of
the highlights of BYU was writing for
the school newspaper the commentator I
really appealed to me ability to write
and speak to people voice my opinions I
was privileged to be the only student
representative on a team search
committee it was really empowering to be
a part of that experience and I think it
truly speaks to why use philosophy that
they value a student's opinion and want
to take that into account I'm captain of
the tennis team now and I'm so lucky to
be part of a team that's won now six
consecutive conference championships
involved in project start science where
we go to local public schools and we
teach science to underprivileged
students I had the opportunity to do
research on campus it was a breast
cancer research lab studying the
downstream effectors of the nth or
pathway weiu is unique in the sense that
you make strong relationships with
teachers in a different way than you
could at any other university third they
aren't just interested in teaching the
material they really care about the
students and their growth I've had the
great opportunity of being in your
frozen slide actually does fear in the
last three years I served as a teaching
assistant in dr. babbit is genetic
it was an incredible experience and I'm
so fortunate to have had that I was able
to develop a relationship with Professor
Steinhauer
and now I'm doing research for her a lot
of the research that we do in the lab
can have implications for humans
anytime I was preparing for an interview
my first stop would almost always be the
Career Center in weiu
there's people ready to help you and
make sure that you've checked all the
boxes that you have to in order to be
taken seriously as an applicant you're
given a tremendous opportunity to
connect with a budding alumni network
that are dominating the business world
and I feel really fortunate to have been
able to connect to the number of those
alumni I actually got an internship this
past summer and this upcoming summer I'm
gonna be working in Natural Area where I
am working at we work in the real estate
development division
I plan on practicing dentistry and I
hope to continue my research and apply
that to the dental field I was fortunate
enough to get accepted to several
different medical school programs but I
ultimately went with Einstein because it
really lines up with all the values and
everything I was hoping to gain out of
my next experience educationally the
college experience has the potential to
be a very selfish experience how do I
build my resume how do I succeed
academically and I think it's really
important to take a step back and to
think about others how do we impact
others how do we serve others and give
them so much here in terms of our
education in terms for a secular
education let's go out and do something
with that my message to the graduates is
that they should be ambitious and that
they can go on both religiously and
professionally to accomplish amazing
things we're all graduating today but
it's not the end of us in yeshiva
University we are going to be part of
this community forever and that's a
tremendous source for come before me and
I think probably for the rest of us too
my last three years at Yeshiva
University have defined my future and
given me the confidence to leave the
knowledge to leave the confidence to
leave it's given me the skills to lead
the values to it the values to leave
were to be the skills to eat ucv
university has given me the confidence
to lead
you