[Music]
it is so amazing that weiu runs this
event it's such a great opportunity for
students to come together work together
and find new solutions to world issues
many times you have to speak on the spot
without much preparation and it's really
helpful to develop those skills my first
year getting up in front of people I
didn't know what I was saying now I'm
able to convey my points and I'm able to
speak comfortably and it's not as
nerve-wracking I've definitely learned
leadership skills delegation skills
responsibility time management I'd say
that I have gained the skills of not
being too nervous and I have to do
impromptu speaking the number one skill
listening like it's not about how much
like you have to say is about listening
to actually other people actually
gaining from their experiences just like
you want them to got in the neighborhood
and meet our neighbors in the community
in Washington Heights so same thing we
like the idea that I'm thinking from the
point of view of people very much not
like themselves
[Music]
it really develops within the students
the ability to wrestle with tough
difficult ideas that you don't
necessarily agree with in addition to
dealing with really important crucial
issues worldwide we got to meet new
friends from also all over the country
and all over the world we're able to
meet people from totally different
backgrounds from different schools and
joined together I know an ICC people who
have never met each other are sitting
and working on cases together it's not
so off that's on from New York it's to
meet people from Florida California even
Brazil South Africa it's really an
amazing experience for the whole Jewish
creed come together in one place this
conference is not just educational but
it's building Future Leaders I hope you
unlikely to use to inspire other people
to care more deeply about the world I'm
a political science major because I felt
like learning out the world that Yemen
was one of the places I was really able
to be exposed and to think about the way
other countries think my message as
secretary-general would really be the
message of our theme think creatively
think boldly think imaginatively and
remember that change and the change that
you push forward is possible
[Music]