[Music]
as a delegate young man you have the
opportunity to not just gain public
speaking skills and knowledge about
international relations but really the
chance to also learn about what it means
to work together as a team with the
people in your committee I think what it
does for the students is really what
keeps me coming back we have some
organizational skills critical thinking
skills being able to see an issue from
various perspectives being able to
attain a global perspective
my coach marks our nest has really
helped me develop my public speaking and
found my ability to do research and he's
really helped me this in school as well
as in this year we're discussing jet
emissions and poaching both two very
relevant issues to the environment and
how to work on limiting the jet
emissions and to lessen the poaching
that is happening in the world
[Music]
[Applause]
Youngman I think represents the unity
that we really see here with students
coming from around the world really to
work together and solve world issues I
meet a lot of new people and really grow
from this experience I feel like I just
become a much more confident and
knowledgeable person about world's
issues and current events but also
feeling confident in myself and feeling
like a proud speaker this preparation
for young one has really helped me
through through high school I would
actually say and maybe in my university
as well when you get to IU meeting back
up with the staff members with the
delegates who you were with I'm really
continuing that conversation from
Youngman continuing during why I think
it really has enhanced my y-you
experience a really special community of
passionate people
Judy's I'm gonna prepare about the world
to care about weiu but it's also a
community that recognizes our
responsibility to humanity to all of the
communities of the
which is an important value in something
that y-you really believe in it
[Music]
[Music]
you