yeshivat Renu elhan Reit is the
foundation stone of Yeshiva
University producing nearly 50 mahim
every year and with thousands of alumni
it is a vibrant Dynamic place of Torah
scholarship
while the C Torah of its talm medium
resonates throughout the wilf campus the
reverberation of its scholarship is felt
worldwide this is the story of
Reitz
America at the end of the 19th century
when the Jewish Community was truly in
its infancy a small group of rabbis and
lay leaders gathered together with great
concern the new freedoms of the golden
Medina offered great opportunity but
with that opportunity came great danger
danger of assimilation a loss of our
misora in America the influence in the
street is not a Rel religious one so if
we're not going to have Jewish Education
serious Jewish Education for our
children we'll lose them they won't be
observant at all in Europe before the
second world war you could be a
religious Jew without having learned
theiva the whole Community was religious
those who felt strongly became more
keenly involved in promoting Jewish
Education as the sole tool to perpetuate
Jewish life with great determination and
with little wherewithal they established
a tiny Yeshiva on the burgeoning Lower
East Side at a private home on Henry
Street Reitz was named as the rabbi
Isaac elhanan Theological Seminary in
1886 in memory of Rabbi Isaac elhanan
Spector who was the major Rabbi in
Europe who had passed away at that time
it was located on the Lower East Side
and there was already a large group of
Russian immigrants who'd come to America
and they wanted to honor this Rabbi who
was a rabbi really of the whole world
own and they built this yiva on his name
and it became a great University was the
Cornerstone of the whole university
after 15 arduous years a new building
was needed and 911 Montgomery Street
became home 5 years after that 301 East
Broadway where Yeshiva blossomed and
Scholars both old and new reveled in
Torah glory in the late 19th century
there really was an established Yeshiva
institution and REITs filled the void
and then a Monumental day in the history
of REITs the move to Washington Heights
these words spoken by building chairman
Harry fishell we have assembled here
this afternoon to celebrate the greatest
event in American Jewish history the
lane of the Cornerstone of the aiva
Isaac elhanan and the first Jewish
College ever built in America I will
therefore say with the psalmist this is
the day which the Lord has made let us
be happy and rejoice thereon we consider
this the happiest Days of Our Lives for
we have lived to see our dreams
realized 30,000 people attended the
groundbreaking
ceremony and then the Great Depression
concurrent with Yeshiva rise was the
greatest economic disaster of the modern
world with great difficulty Yeshiva
persevered with the War years its ranks
were swelled with Torah Scholars escaped
from European Horrors and refugees
seeking a familiar language of
Torah itsm mahim took leading roles in
war relief and began a tradition of army
chaplaincy during World War II Reitz
musm Rabbi Hershel Shaker was a chaplain
in the third Army's e core and was the
first US army chaplain to enter the
binval concentration camp in 1945 and in
1945 yiva College became an University
and the university ranched out under the
leadership of the president at the time
Dr Samuel Belin of blessed memory who
was the successor to the first president
Rabbi Dr Dove Rebel with the end of the
war came new challenges Orthodoxy was
decried as Irrelevant in the face of
explosive growth of other streams of
Judaism to graphers gleefully announced
its imminent demise and then a singular
Torah Warrior arrived who impacted
Yeshiva in ways wondrous and
immeasurable the rav no single
individual has had a greater impact you
can't talk about Yeshiva University
without talking about itos Yeshiva he
was without a doubt the Towering Torah
Figure Head of Yeshiva for decades and
decades iy was fortunate to study by r
salv
he had so many traditions in and heavy
heavy Traditions had his study G and
heavy traditions
in his was he was able to say over these
traditions in modern language man isal
being and suff will which abides man
above above his
intelligence he taught and ordained
2,000 of the 3,000 who have been
ordained today it was a tremendous
he carried on that brisker tradition of
of tamic analysis it was an experience
to see how people are energized by
Torah in the years that followed the
Yeshiva was faced with numerous
Financial challenges which required the
support of the entire Jewish community
in order to continue the fact that we
had financial problems was a sign that
we we're doing things we need the BR be
able to make it and he one way or
another he
helped today REITs impacts the world the
center for the Jewish future has evolved
into the service delivery arm of Reitz
serving mus mahim throughout their
career and bringing Yu Torah to more
people than ever in our history through
Community Kels Kel Yom Rishon and Yu
torah.org the vast majority of Orthodox
congregations in North America are led
by whyu musim and they really form the
core of many school faculties they form
the largest core of sh rabbis in the
country every single student in addition
to their course mik requirements also
has to fulfill additional courses and
internship training for their specific
Rabbi role in life we'll actually
simulate with professional actors what
it's like for a rabbi to be counseling
someone this is such amazing training
it's really the equivalent the many
years of being in the field we have
students who become doctors lawyers
Engineers physicists and they know how
to learn they know how to pull they know
how to argue with anas they know how to
learn very well that's what theiva is
all about we're working with rabbis in
the United Kingdom we're working with
rabbis and communities in Australia in
South Africa the Yeshiva has convened
this unbelievable energy this
unbelievable Torah and that we can share
that Torah with the
world it's been our our tradition that
we teach Torah and we do not ask to be
paid for it every one of the men who
come into our SM program is granted a
full scholarship
says that God gave us the Torah he
didn't charge us for it so we have to
teach Torah and I charge for it and we
follow that principle amongst these
young men I'm convinced beyond the
shadow of a doubt are the great leaders
of
tomorrow we are embarking on a $50
million endowment fund where we would
like to raise enough funds to know that
for the foreseeable future 5 10 15 years
the aiva can operate and not have to
worry about funding I think that would
be a historical moment we might have
been a small Yeshiva in 1896 but Reit
particularly has evolved into a major
institution in the United States if not
the world Reit is a diamond it's the
best investment anyone make the future
of the Jewish people the tradition that
started over a 100 years ago that now
continues to be I would say the
foundation stone of the Jewish
future