who are in Israel although Israel summer
internship program the goal of the
program is to introduce us to the work
environment Israel and experience
everything that it has to offer I chose
to do it because it means that I get to
live in Israel and do one of my dream
jobs interning here in Israel has
provided me with the opportunity to
actualize all my skills that I have
learned NYU and bring them with me to
the workforce I meet a lot of different
Founders different Venture capitalists
and see what they're doing if you do
want to have a career here this is your
chance to actually put yourself in it
thank you very much to Yu for that
[Music]
welcome to my workplace I'm currently
spending this summer at the Opel
excavation at the southern Temple melt
with Yu this program is under the
auspices of the Yu summer school every
day from 6 30 a.m to 2 p.m we're here on
the site digging you get to spend a
summer at an archaeological site with so
much history and meaning from Torah from
practicalities this is stuff that no
one's touched for like 2 000 years and
you are able to excavate it and clean it
and present it and find out what it is I
don't know how else a random American
student could end up right by the base
of miktok digging up things no one has
touched in 2 000 years everyone come
here next year
foreign
you take some Jewish college students
you bring them to Israel you put them in
the same spot that's basically what this
summer program is why you buy a lawn
program is a really great experience
getting to meet new people do research
in a learning environment there are
about 28 students coming to the program
and everyone's assigned to different
Labs I'm working the artificial
intelligence lab I'm working in a
neurobiology lab I'm doing biochemistry
we've got to meet such amazing people
got to learn so much and being around
this amazing Israeli research
environment being able to come to Israel
and to do this amazing research that is
applicable in the real world makes it
more valuable this is really the
manifestation of why use core values in
camo Israel there's nothing like Israel
[Music]
why Counterpoint because we want to be
able to make a difference in these kids
lives I'm so grateful that Yeshiva
University focuses on hessed in Israel
from Jerusalem 14 girls travel in
advance to come here and to really work
with the kids and really Bond and form
relationships we do plan activities like
teaching them English playing sports
baking art we Implement English we
Implement fun as a Psychology major
being here and being with these kids and
being able to bond with them and hear
about people's challenges I get to learn
more and work with kids of different
cultural backgrounds with me that was a
learning experience for me this is the
best experience I'm ever going to get in
the summer
[Music]