20:20 traditionally stands for perfect
vision with the finest foresight could
hardly have foreseen the corona virus
pandemic it was what Donald Rumsfeld
called a known unknown we all knew about
epidemics as we say a novena volcano
Manama gahafer mina hala Derka we prayed
not to be exposed to one but was often
as we said their prayer did we really
think it could happen to us yet there is
an important principle at stake what do
we learn from this i believe this
current crisis is saying to us three
things especially to you the first is
this many years ago a very great work of
sociology was published from harvard it
was called the lonely crowd and it
analyzed the different character types
that are needed in different eras of
human history the authors came to the
conclusion that at ages of great change
what were needed were inner-directed
people people with their own internal
compass their own deeply internalized
set of values and principles you should
be University has given you a great and
necessary gift of inner directedness you
know that to be a Jew is to follow your
own inner light your own inner voice do
what the Rambam defines as serving a
sham with love or Sara I met Manisha who
I met doing what is right because it's
right the second gift was defined by
that explorer of the unexpected Nissim
Nicholas Taleb the man who wrote about
the unpredicted and the unpredictable
and called it the black
sworn subsequently he developed an
interesting concept which he called
aunty fragility
he was objecting to the idea of
resilience resilience he said means you
don't break under pressure well that's
good news but much better news is the
characteristic that allows you to grow
stronger under pressure that is what he
calls antifragility well the more you
carry the yeshivas values with you the
stronger you will become and right now
the world needs people with emotional
and spiritual strength the third and
final value takes me back to what one of
my first encounters with you Shiva
University and with its great eminent
and deeply revered president rabbi
Norman lamb he used to say to me you
know there is only one joke he knows elf
in the Mishnah Talmud a hikami marble
bowl the rabbi's increased peace in the
world he said there must be a joke
because the more rabbis the more rounds
I said when rabbi becomes a builder when
anyone becomes a bit they become a maker
of peace because the greatest way of
making peace in the world is by
buildings you can see that from the
Torah itself the only time the
Israelites were not fighting or blaming
was when they were building the Mishkan
to be a graduate in sugar University is
to be a builder and right now the world
needs rebuilding the economy businesses
health care disrupted schools and
universities virtually every single
aspect of life has been damaged and is
in need of repair
call them not your children but your
builders go and build so this is my
blessing to you go and be proud
ambassadors of this great place
now sham people bless you may you be a
source of blessing to the world