[Music]
the cats data analytics visualization
program is giving students tools and
real-world experiences that they're not
gonna find in other programs in the 21st
century it's been said that data is the
new oil the ability for organizations to
use data is a huge competitive advantage
you really become a changemaker in the
organization students first learn the
foundations of programming math and
statistics they become experts working
with spreadsheets
and with visualization tools like
Microsoft Excel have blo sequel when you
master the tools and learn how to really
pull the insights out of data this gives
you the ability to have a profound
impact on the organizations that you
work for one of the things we try to
instill in the cat school and in this
program specifically is functionally
this is what we want you to do but at
the same time this is why you're doing
it our practitioners are leaders in the
data analytics field so they know how to
bring in problems that matter and what
people do is they work with tools and
they go after data and they solve
non-trivial problems that's how value is
created it's a project-based program
students end up with a portfolio of
applications that they can show
potential employers that we're ready to
go and do impactful work each student
participates in three different projects
having a different role or a different
activity that they play in each of those
projects and what that's gonna allow us
to do is we can evaluate the student in
three different areas throughout the
class and it gives the student three
different projects to present all
organizations are
using data more and more and those that
know how to use the data to create more
value for the organizations are the ones
that are leaving the world work New York
has more data scientists than anywhere
else in the world and we have the
tremendous advantage of being in the
heart of midtown Manhattan which is the
epicenter of advanced data analyst work
so this is the place to be