[Music]
my name is rifki Sihanouk I'm a fellow
in the Women's History Institute of
historic cuts in Valley dr. was tell a
professor at Stern
emailed out to the Honors Program saying
I found this fellowship if anyone is
interested here's information the
historic Hudson Valley Institute owns
and operates multiple historic sites in
the Hudson Valley there's books from the
1500s until 21st century
this is the complete housewife from 1729
this is a receipt book which means it's
a recipe book and at the back of this
book after all the recipes there are the
remedies which is mainly what I've been
focusing on I wanted to use the
library's manuscripts to research into
how those home remedies actually might
have had medical efficacy
rifki came to us with a proposal that
dazzled all of us immediately with the
depth of her consideration for the
materials that we had and for what she
might be able to do with them here
there's a remedy to cure the biting of a
mad dog they're trying to have a cure
for rabies which is nearly always fatal
and it's interesting to see what they
come up with to try to leave the
symptoms or to cure the patients on this
book and which I've seen repeated and
other sources is that it says includes
sage Andrew those are two herbs that
I've looked into to try to see if
there's anything in them that could have
been helpful to leave some of the
symptoms stay with rabies I've seen it
mentioned in other books that rule is
used when someone was poisoned and so in
that vein of thinking that they were
poisoned and understanding that this
might have helped some of the reasons
why they might have used it it's
possible that some of the components
that were used in these home remedies
are still used today pharmaceuticals
process everything to the extent that we
don't see that connection between an
herb and a pill out of a bottle well
researching the lives of women in the
Hudson Valley through their
homemade cookbooks recipe books showed
me that not only were women proficient
and the heads of households through
cooking and cleaning and laundering and
all that but they were also really the
home physicians and caring for the
welfare of their families and their
communities and in that way they did a
lot more than maybe we think if they did
even though I'm going into science and
I'm going to PA school when this
opportunity came up to do something a
little different it was fascinating to
me
[Music]