at the cat school our students aspire to
be scientists technologists and
clinicians ready to impact their world
their disciplines and their fields of
practice Katz is creating significant
growth opportunities for the university
new majors new students new career paths
Cardoso students have a lot of
opportunity while they are students at
Cardozo to do good in their communities
representing actual clients before they
even graduated revell is a virtual
school of Jewish Studies a
non-denominational institution and at
the same time it's a place where Jewish
students of a traditional bent can feel
comfortable what's Wyler's mission is to
Train social workers who will go out
into the world to do the work of repair
we take our work after alum very
very seriously as really is a graduate
school of Jewish education and
administration there are very few places
where you can learn to be a Jewish
educator to touch the hearts the minds
and the souls of this and future
generations a degree from fork off
Graduate School of Psychology is
extremely meaningful because of the
reputation of the school our ability to
attract really some of the finest
applicants in the United States when I
get somebody saying yes to me and
turning Harvard down that's pretty good
the rabbi's achill huntin Theological
Seminary is more than just a sheet it's
a vibrant malcom Torah with Tom Needham
and world class Russia Shiva it's the
more than 3,000 Muslim who helped lead
Jewish communities around the world the
Albert Einstein College of Medicine is a
research intensive Medical School areas
that are strengths of the college
include neuroscience genetics cancer
care and aging as well success for us is
the combination of humanity and
excellence as such I think the mission
of social justice has been a constant
theme that we have a trademark product
which is a graduate who listens is
compassionate the sytem School of
Business so you have accounting and
finance you have marketing and you have
information and decision sciences you
have strategy and entrepreneurship as a
backbone of
management MSN accounting MSN taxation
an Executive MBA everyday you can see
how you will be able to walk into work
and be able to go and apply this in a
very definitive way to be able to go and
build a sustainable life and a
sustainable business leaders are people
who can motivate who can inspire that's
our business our students they want to
be technical specialists they want to
know how to frame problems being the
best in class is becoming a leader and
being a part of your university is very
very critical to this this notion it
takes the fundamental core Jewish values
and turns out word to the larger
community in the world and lives as an
example of those values our students are
graduating and getting the jobs that
they want they are academics rabbis
teachers of Jewish Studies the
leadership of most of the American
Jewish community consists of hrus muscle
of REITs we just hosted the Jewish
career development Expo and everyone
just wanted more more of our as really
graduates the federal government is
predicting even a 19 percent growth rate
so we are constantly looking at what our
students need to know not only to
practice today but practice for a
lifetime I once visited alumni and she
said what is different here is how much
I make a difference
[Music]