at Cardoza we believe in Community Law
School is a challenge but our students
understand that they learn better when
they support one another
my team and I work to ensure that the
atmosphere at Cardozo is warm and
supportive and set up to ensure that
individual growth of every single
student Cardozo was immersed in New York
City energy creative motivational driven
and open to Limitless legal
opportunities there were so many options
that when I first arrived I didn't
really know what kind of law I wanted to
practice Cardozo office of Career
Services provided me one-on-one coaching
offered a fresh perspective and helped
me figure out my path
mentorship and Community are two of the
main pillars here at curtiso and I felt
that since day one I began developing my
community Through the May program which
has lasted me for the last three years
faculty staff and classmates are
conducive to creating a supportive
learning environment for all of us to
experience neutral growth and success
Cardozo takes a modern approach to legal
education
professors care deep
ER deep outside of the box and
creatively problem solved with an
illegal framework
they encourage us to be open-minded not
only about the type of law we want to
practice but also about the career path
that we take key opportunities like the
human arts and atrocity prevention
Clinic the Heyman Scholars Program and
the gates Community have helped shape my
professional Journey but have also
inspired me to give back when where and
how I can Cardozo equals instant
Community the vibe here is warm and
friendly I felt like my classmates and
faculty all wanted to give me the best
chance to succeed without even realizing
it I began growing my network the moment
I arrived as I build genuine connections
with fellow students faculty mentors and
alumni my network just keeps expanding a
network that will support my journey far
beyond graduation as we begin our
careers in the law it is reassuring to
know that we have the support both of
our peers and of the Cardozo faculty
when I was a student at Cardozo my
relationships with my peers and
professors changed my life and set me on
a course for professional success my
team and I are devoted to making sure
that every student has that experience
so you can find out what your unique
path is