[Music]
what we really try to do for the sims
mba program is
first
give students a real broad foundation
and really essentials of
business from data to
marketing to accounting
one of the key things about being able
to learn entrepreneurship is developing
your entrepreneurial mindset that is a
mindset that will help you excel in
whatever domain you are in whether it's
in large companies whether it's in your
personal life any of the ways in which
you're gonna be able to learn how to
make better decisions how to deal with
uncertainty how to be able to perceive
opportunities and pursue them i'm using
the skills that i gained in yeshiva
university every day i'm so grateful for
my experience learning how to craft a
message and learn how to speak to other
people learning how to connect to people
even when there's such a big cultural
difference those are all skills i gained
in yeshiva
i think my favorite thing about being a
yeshiva university student is the
humanity that is built into all the
programs i was nervous coming into the
mba program i was the only person in my
class who was not already working in
finance or marketing or the ceo of their
own company or doing something else
already so deep in the business world
i'm coming from the nonprofit world i'm
coming from the helping space and i
wasn't sure if i belonged but from day
one the professors and the directors of
the program made me feel like i belong
they made sure to pull me aside to make
sure that i was understanding material
that was new to me they made sure to
show me how this is applicable to the
nonprofit world as well as for the
for-profit world you're so much more
than you think you are and you're so
much you're capable of so much more than
you think you are
you