many colleges can prepare you for your
career but there's nowhere in the world
that can better prepare you for your
lives not just as successful
professionals but as people people with
a moral compass and enrich with our
sacred values at Yeshiva you will
simultaneously learn to develop yourself
and also deeply care for each and every
person as we are all created with Salem
elokim in the image of God
as Jews with one foot in the world and
one foot in the base madrish you'll be
prepared to be leaders at work and role
models in your communities now is the
time to prepare for your lives and here
is the place to do that there are many
choices within the learning options at
Yeshiva ranging from a program geared
for those with limited backgrounds for
those looking to explore the most
fundamental of questions and Foundations
to a program where you get to spend your
Mornings in one of the most vibrant but
tambi drash in the country and learn
from godola Israel who lead our
community and everything else in between
in addition we have an acclaimed Sparta
program with weekly classes and special
Shabbat meals with tasty dare I say
spicy foods asphartic Origins
in addition to the many learning options
and Torah personalities of our 50 rebaum
we also have a Cadre of individuals here
for you at all hours of the day we have
10 mashikim spiritual advisors 150
smithless students and 100 plus young
couples who live within a few blocks of
Yeshiva and make it very warm and
friendly Community it's quite common
that a student will spend Shabbat meals
on campus in the home of his rebellum or
in the local families Shabbos on campus
is like a shabbatone every single week
to summarize our education is unique in
that it is built upon relationships for
life
our goal is not to impart learning and
values for three or four years that you
will be here but to create connections
with rabbis and mentors that will be
with you for the rest of your lives and
that is priceless
there is no better way for a young man
in our community to prepare not just for
a career but for life here at Yeshiva
University