[Music]
I tell my students all the time yeah
there's nothing like this this is the
largest and only Jewish academic
competition my favorite good one is to
see I suppose students from all walks of
life
different countries
different backgrounds just coming
together really
it's really nice to meet here in one
place and really engage on different
issues with so many different
perspectives I think I've met a lot of
people who look like
like that I really gained from my years
at Yen mud is what he really was since
other people
building our legacy of impact means
growing ourselves personally spiritually
and interpersonally that in the long
term we the delegation of young 1:29 can
have an impact on the world I found that
the delegates are really strong they
really did their research we're working
on how to counter the terrorist funding
one issue is reduction of food waste
you're talking a lot about the water
crisis I think it gives them an
opportunity to look like really
important skills
I think Network I think Yemen introduced
me to how diverse ECB university is and
how many like different clubs I get
involved into the different people I can
meet everybody follows the world Brazil
it from California Florida all exclusive
flying into Connecticut to why you to
meet up at this conference
[Music]