lazy gentlemen please draw your
attention to the video screens
[Music]
sheiva university represents the kinds
of thinkers and dreamers who have always
believed in embracing history and its
opportunities now more than ever before
it is time to think bigger to think
beyond our individual selves to move
history forward to spread positive
values to the world and to fight for
peace and prosperity for all of humanity
and width all of humanity
[Music]
the world has changed greatly but our
task of educating the next generation of
students and Future Leaders has not
changed it has just shifted to be in
sync with uh new realities today perhaps
more than ever before there's a need to
raise generations of students who are
both deeply rooted and forward focuses
we live in a rapidly changing world
technology medicine education and
communications are progressing and
shifting with fundamental ways this
presents daunting challenges but also
extraordinary opportunities for men
armed with the three thousand-year-old
submission of wisdom the university's
mission is to guide our students
embroider society and seizing these
opportunities and transforming a world
of tomorrow the better we will dedicate
ourselves
to empowering world
mark already graduates
skill sets for life and downing them
both with the will and the wherewithal
to make it a stark significant impact
for changing world this is the future
for you Sheba University ladies and
gentlemen we now present why you
changemakers a multimedia presentation
showcasing our remarkable students and
faculty partnering to change the world
for the better
please welcome the director of the
Makena pathways basic Jewish Studies
Program and Bible professor at the CERN
College for Women professor Shoshanna
Schechter good evening everyone my name
is Shoshana Schaeffler and I'm a proud
proud Stern graduate a parents of two
current you Sheva university students
plus a high school student I'm a
professor of Bible at Stern College and
director of the Molina program which is
geared toward students who are coming
from unaffiliated and non formal Jewish
educational backgrounds looking to
strengthen their Jewish identities when
I was a student 25 years ago my friends
and I would travel all over the world
running programs to help Jews connect to
their Judaism while there were students
down the hall from our own dorm rooms
looking for that very thing at that time
there was no structured program at CERN
geared towards those students the Molina
program which I created and now directs
changed all that allow me to tell you a
little bit about my students Rachel from
Sussex County New Jersey grew up
Catholic and was in middle school when
she started looking for ways to connect
to God Marjorie from Brazil grew up in
Sao Paulo and went to a Jewish school
but had no knowledge of Torah Judaism
Whitney from Portland Oregon was an
unaffiliated Jewish woman who attended
public schools and became connected to
NCS why during her high school years
all of these students from such
different backgrounds geographically
ideologically and culturally ended up in
my Messina program and they were not the
only ones they were joined by other
students from all across the United
States from Europe Israel South America
the former Soviet Union Canada Australia
South Africa and even Tahiti four years
later when they graduate from yeshiva
university with a strong Jewish identity
and strong Jewish values they know that
their mission is to use their whyyou
education to better the world around
them I am here tonight to introduce a
very special Molina students
Shanice hava an inspired and inspiring
young woman who I have had the pleasure
and honor of having had as a students
for the past four years Shani is from
Israel she grew up in Petach Tikva and
started playing tennis 15 years ago at
the age of 10 she started competing in
national and international tournaments
and became one of the top seeded tennis
players in the country
by age 17 she was coaching tennis and
playing as well as managing a successful
Israeli tennis club with her twin sister
after serving her country in the Israeli
Defense Forces Shani began researching
u.s. colleges hoping to enroll as a
tennis recruit while she was offered
scholarships in some Division two
colleges Shani chose to enroll at
Yeshiva University a Division three
college because she wanted to be in a
Jewish environment where she could
openly and easily celebrate Jewish
holidays and study at a strong Business
School having such deep passion for her
country and being an Army veteran a
pro-israel campus was a must
unfortunately pro-israel campuses are
difficult to come by these days and why
you as we all know is the greatest one
when Shen wen Shan each shows why you
her family and her friends were
skeptical as was she because it was a
yeshiva and their perceptions of
yeshivas in Israel were not always so
positive and they were afraid a little
bit of religious coercion Shani is the
first to admit that her perception of
religious Judaism changed dramatically
at Yeshiva University here she found the
environment to be open and accepting and
completely non-judgmental thereby
allowing her to take ownership of her
Judaism and her connection to Torah for
the first time in her life with a double
major in accounting and business
intelligence and marketing analysis
along with a minor in finance and a
perfect GPA Shani has been named the top
student athletes for the past four years
under her leadership the tennis team
became exponentially stronger and this
year for the first time in the history
of certain college for women the tennis
team won their conference championship
and are heading to the national NCAA
Championships in May Shani is even
featured in the current issue of Sports
Illustrated magazine as a young athlete
of distinction when she graduates this
coming May with top honors and a
sterling academic record Shani is not
just leaving Stern with the market-ready
business degree and numerous tennis
trophies but with stronger Jewish values
stronger connection to her Jewish
heritage and a powerful desire to use
everything that she gained at Yeshiva
University to impact the world and to
make a difference
and all of this is only possible because
of the support of philanthropists like
Mary Schwartz who we are honored to have
here with us tonight and all of you we
can't do it without you thank you Mary
for helping create a generation of
changemakers and thank you everybody
who's here
it is my absolute pleasure and joy to
introduce to you Shani Sava thank you it
is a tremendous honor to be here tonight
and have the opportunity to share my
gratitude with all of you attending
Yeshiva University has been a
life-changing experience and I could not
have done it without your help when I
came to your sheave university
three-and-a-half years ago I came by
myself I left my family in Israel and
I've spent my time in weiu creating
another different family that family
started with weiu athletics with Joe
Biden arsh
the head of the weiu Atlantic's
department and the rest of the athletic
staff whose recruitment was the reason
that I came here with Naomi Katz awaits
my coach and with the four tennis teams
that I've been a part of their constant
support has made my time in weiu
some of the best years of my life I knew
I would find a family in athletics but I
never expected to find such a warm and
caring family in the Mahina program the
environment created by the teachers and
the students helped me grow and develop
academically and religiously the
teachers mrs. Schaffner and Rabbi
off have become like second parents to
me helping me with everything and
anything I needed they always go above
and beyond for me like coming to my
tennis matches
which is one of the most special
memories I have of playing tennis in
weiu
of all my experiences in weiu one that
stands out the most is my team's
historic victory in the skyline
Conference championships this season
this victory earned us the first NCAA
Tournament bid of any woman's athletics
program in history after three years of
hard work and three consecutive defeats
in the semi-finals
it was incredible to finally lift that
trophy and it was a tremendous honor to
be named the most valuable player of the
tournament I would not have been able to
take part in and grow from any of these
experiences without the help of view of
people who had never met me and yet
chose to believe in me
I might seem unique but I'm not there
are many other students like me who have
gained so much from coming to weiu and
it's all because of your generosity the
impact that weiu is made of me will stay
with me for the rest of my life and I
hope that it will help me continue your
influence by giving back in turn to the
weiu community and the world thank you
for everything you've done for me and
for so many others tadaaaaaa
achieving our historic victory it was a
team effort and I'm tremendously proud
to be a part of that team who is here
tonight now I want to share the pride
and accomplishment with all of you I've
been playing tennis since I was five
years old ever since then I wanted to
play competitively and this is my first
chance my sister and brother were also
the team so it runs in the family we all
had great experiences here and it's been
a winning season I chose the right year
we've won every single game every single
conference match each one of them has
taken the ownership of the team and I
think that that's been a key factor in
our success a lot of people told me I
might not be able to do school and
tennis and I'm happy I did because I
feel part of a family I think you feel a
sense of community and Stern walking
around and with the why you max abroad
stressed while you play really feel some
pride in your school and representing
the Jewish community the dual curriculum
plays a large role in the student
athletes diligence and their motivation
they're used to hard work they used to
juggling it's very fun to be able to
come out and have good team
sportsmanship and be able to come home
with a win
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen please welcome
clinical assistant professor of law
director of the indie film clinic
director of the leadership program at
the Heyman center of corporate
governance at Benjamin and cordosa
School of Law
Michele Greenberg cobrin it's a lot of
title um a number of weeks ago a student
of mine asked me if he could miss the
last half-hour of class it wasn't
particularly surprised by the
professionalism of the student but when
I asked why he was uncharacteristically
cagey for an otherwise thoughtful and
terrific student I pressed further and
he told me that he had to miss class
because he had to go home and change for
a dinner ok
that's not such a good reason to miss
class so I pressed a little bit further
after all I'm a lawyer i'ma teach
negotiations I'm a parent and I asked
him why it was so important to go to the
dinner so he told me it was the Clio
awards the awards which recognized
excellence in in advertising and
communication which is cool but still
not a good enough reason to miss class
after a little more after a little more
conversation he finally told me that the
reason he was going to the Clio awards
was because he had won a Clio award and
I told him that was a good enough reason
to miss class um the reason he was cagey
was because like many of my students he
was remarkably humble about this
wonderful achievement and his remarkable
talents so I told him he could miss only
if he showed the commercial to the class
so he did the commercial which you'll
see in a few minutes is a public service
announcement
that aims to get people to stop texting
and driving and Alejandro Palma composed
a song that's made up of the words
people were texting at the moment in
which they died the students were found
the whole the whole commercial
remarkable and the music even more so I
would say that they took away two things
from watching from watching that
commercial the rest of my class one
thing was that they noticed Alejandro
had opens for John Legend's at South by
Southwest this is probably not
meaningful to some of you in the
audience but trust me it's awesome they
they also realize that you need a darn
good reason to miss class so mission
accomplished I'm delighted to be here
tonight and I just wanted to take a
minute and congratulate the honorees
ruff gold with David Sampson and Brett
Stevens on your remarkable honors
I came to Cardozo from Columbia Law
School just about a year ago now I was
recruited by Dean Melanie Leslie to grow
the newly established independent film
clinic and to found a Center on
leadership through the Heyman Center for
corporate governance I was amazed at the
model of this clinic we represent
journalists and documentary and
narrative filmmakers who are seeking to
use the visual arts to move the social
justice needle in some way we know we
all know that in today's world visual
media is increasingly the way
information is consumed and information
is shared even traditional print media
outlets such as the New York Times in
the Washington Post have more and more
video journalism on their sites however
in today's increasingly complicated
world journalists and documentary
filmmakers are under attack in all sorts
of ways and while it's not incredibly
expensive or complicated anymore to make
a video or to make a film or to engage
in documentary filmmaking
getting it released is incredibly
complicated where ownership of
intellectual property the need to think
about negotiations and contract drafting
questions about fundraising from
investors all of these require the help
of a good of a good lawyer what I find
is that my students are doing some of
the most interesting legal work working
at the highest levels working at the
cusp of innovative lawyering as they
grapple with new problems think about
how our new clients are and try to think
about how to serve well new technologies
and new problems alejandro utilize his
talents to solve a modern problem
texting and driving caused by technology
he was and is a change maker utilizing
his talents and new frameworks to move
the ball forward I'll note that along
the way though he did not forget to
bring his mom and I just want a welcome
Miss Palmer who came from Texas to join
us here tonight so so while I'll note
that Alejandro is a is a very very
special Cardozo student he is not a
unique Cardozo student every day
students in my clinic are creating
change
they're bringing stories to market on
all sorts of important issues whether
those issues are questions of
integration racial and gender equality
Holocaust education voting rights the
schools to Prison Pipeline
they are bringing those stories forward
and in my leadership program both
students and lawyers are thinking about
what it means to be change makers in the
for-profit in the non for profit and in
the government arenas we're working to
bring more women into leadership in the
legal profession on corporate boards and
in philanthropy and I'll say that with
all of this my corner of credo
my corner of Cardozo is not the only is
not the only place where this is going
on when we think about what our mission
should be the Navi tells us again and
again that societies are judged not
based on ritual performance right so you
Shia who tells us la moliro be safe m
I don't need your ritual performance
what the prophetic vision repeats again
and again is the importance of
protecting the automa in the almond ah
the widow and the orphan those in
society who are most vulnerable and most
defenseless and the mission today more
important than ever and I would say in
the area of law more important than ever
is doing the work of protecting those
who are most vulnerable and most without
defense in our society at Cardozo I was
amazed to find under Dean Leslie's
leadership how faculty and students are
working together in every pocket of the
law school to engage in this critical
mission whether it's the immigration
justice project or the Innocence Project
or the civil rights clinic or the black
chain project or my own clinic students
are working together with faculty to
figure out who out there needs help and
to bring to bear free legal services
[Applause]
what what I find is that Cardozo
students are really working sure to make
sure that each individual's humanity and
the essential humanity and civility of
our society are protected and that is
really the turret and Matt's the
essential eternal Jewish value of what
we are trying to accomplish here at
Yeshiva University and I would say
through this through this giving to
others students recognize the intense
power and the intense responsibility
that comes with holding a law degree
they emerge from their time at Cardozo
with the ability to hit the ground
running my students have grappled with
the most complex intellectual property
and transactional and deal issues
they're negotiators their contract
drafters their deal makers they're
really able to see the big problems and
to solve them in a thoughtful and
constructive way and move the ball
forward and Cardoso which has top-ranked
both intellectual property and clinical
programs really attracts students who
are both quite talented but also driven
to use that talent together with the
rule of law to change society when
students introduce themselves at the
beginning of the class they all talk
about you know I ask them to all say
what they've done and they talk about
their remarkable accomplishments often
in humble ways as with Alejandro and
while I'm blown away by the talons in
the room what makes them more remarkable
as with Alejandro is their commitment to
using that talent to change the world
for good so I'm gonna ask you to turn
your attention to the video now and I
challenge each one of you after having
seen it to not be changed just a teeny
bit as I am every day at Cardozo thank
you
[Music]
put it down is a song that took the
lives of those who wrote it we partnered
with ala J to help compose a song the
lyrics are a compilation of fatal text
messages that were being written at the
exact moment of the crash
[Music]
the dress I'm stuck in traffic I'm
running
[Music]
so
[Music]
that's what friends are
the song was hosted on soundcloud where
people could follow the text messages in
real time and learn more about the
stories of some victims
[Music]
none can discuss these things now man
they see
Sisu can't wait
[Music]
I'm a second
[Music]
makes me happy we found a way to
disguise at three-minute ad as an
emerging soft which was played on major
radio stations persuading drivers not to
text and drive at the exact moment they
exhibit this behavior the lyrics to the
song came from nine fatal text messages
that were being written at the exact
moment of the crash since its release
put it down have been inspiring more
drivers to put their phone down
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen award-winning
composer and current student at
Cardozo's law school
Alejandro Palma thank you so much so
much first thank you guys for having me
here it's an incredible honor to be able
to join the ceremony and especially to
be honored and to be recognized for the
work I'm just gonna speak briefly about
my incredible experiences at Cardozo I
come from music background clearly and I
studied music and undergrad and I was
kind of grappling with how to continue
on that business and I got I started to
learn more about the business and the
legal side of music which most people
will tell you is about ninety five
percent of it and I came across Cardozo
just doing internet research on schools
that support this kind of niche market
which is entertainment and everything
that's media and music related and
Cardozo came up and I came to visit and
everybody was very supportive and one of
the one of the things that really
attracted me to the school was that how
the community based it was and as my
professor stated this the school is full
of students with completely unique
backgrounds completely unique stories
everybody's trying to do something
different and something good and that
really attracted me and so came here and
I've been awarded a huge plethora of
opportunities with just the career
advisors that I've had dean Leslie has
been incredible and supporting
everything that I do and I've had the
opportunity to work at record labels
like Sony I worked in I worked at NBC
this past summer in their media
department doing you know just legal
work that also involved helps me bridge
the two worlds together and I'm also
part of the indie film clinic which we
we like to take on works that push the
social needle and so I think that that
the clear award came at a perfect time
very unexpected but it was it came at a
perfect time because it was right when I
was in the clinic
and kind of really delving into what it
meant to use another talent which we see
with our clients all the time in film to
push the social needle and to bring
people to to a certain problem and maybe
in New York it doesn't affect us as much
texting and driving because you can text
on the subway but I grew up in Texas and
I have you know all my friends are
guilty of it and I'm guilty of it my
parents are guilty of it we all we all
think we can sneak in you know one more
text before the light turns green or
whatever and working on this project
which takes you know the literal words
that people were typing as as they
crashed really makes you think twice
about you know what you're gonna what
you're gonna say and when you're gonna
say it especially behind the wheel but
on a less morose subject Cardoso has
been incredible they've awarded me an
incredible amount of opportunities to
practice what I want to do every time
that I say you know that I come from a
music background but I'm studying law
everyone's like oh that's a little
strange isn't it and but when I come to
Cardozo I feel right at home and they
support everything that I do and they've
already given me a leg up in not only in
the entertainment world but in
entertainment and legal world and so I
just want to say thank you one more time
for honoring me and I had a great time
please welcome to the stage Jesse
Silverman yeshiva college student class
of 2018 good evening from leading an
international team of scholars to room
in 2012 to an undergraduate seminar in
Rome as a part of the J and Genie
Schottenstein Honors Program to the arch
of Titus exhibition in the Shiva
University Museum in the heart of New
York City yeshiva university faculty and
students have made a major contribution
to the work to the body of world
knowledge the video you are about to see
tells that story thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen please welcome to
the stage WIU's president rabbi dr. Ari
Berman ok it's my pleasure to close this
evenings program you have just all seen
a glimpse of your Shiva University's
presence we are on the march forward in
a great journey to build and launch an
incredible future this is the time to
join us in our journey we look forward
to your participation and your
partnership as we launch together to
bring your university to great new
heights moving history forward and
creating a greater Jewish community and
helping create a better world of
tomorrow
for all of humanity thank you so much
for joining us this evening
[Applause]
you