[Music]
so Mossville celebrating 69 great years
where I think I'm a smooth barbecue and
I come every year and I love it I think
[Music]
[Music]
last night we had the Yokosuka Roni
Omaha's new Texas mob are incredible
speakers that really allowed us to feel
the pain of Yokosuka our own but allowed
us to transition into the happiness of
yo mas to be able to really recognize
that transition and the importance of
that transition some days like today
that you remember MLG yeah I got a new
window down
oh gee this event is important then why
you to show that even if you're in foot
large you still care about Israel and
just it's a way to bring everyone
together I hope that students come away
from this event just feeling a closer
connection to Israel you know we're not
there I just want the students be able
to come away with this connectedness to
Israel even though we're so far away I
do not know of another campus in America
it has stuff like this I love y'all my
smooth like I love Israel so it's just
amazing to be able to go to a Jewish
college and celebrate on a day I guess
cool off and celebrate the day of Israel
first when I know that a lot of my
friends don't get that this is the
knowers of your moment because I don't
think there's another place where you
can find students just hanging out and
having a great time after having a
really amazing experience learning this
morning after really incredibly
emotional evening last night and I think
that that transition was a really really
lower but here
now