our students do not suffer from a lack
of moral Clarity that we're seeing at
some other universities taton is not
just something the president speaks
about from time to time it's something
that we live and we feel to the core of
our beings these difficult times have
warranted a response from future Jewish
leaders and Yeshiva University has given
us the opportunity to be those leaders
not only do we feel safe at Wu but we
feel inspired to live and learn jewishly
when R Clos his gamar in order to go to
the rally it tells our students what
they need to be doing for the Jewish
people you know it was incredibly
inspiring to be part of perhaps the
biggest delegation that joined the March
for Israel DC rally it shows that we
truly are the flagship Jewish
University when Rabbi Burman cancelled
classes at y University and said we're
all coming to Washington it gave us the
the strength and the heart to know that
we were on the right track so I just
give him so much so much credit uh I
have admired Rabbi burman's leadership
his personal friendship and really his
moral Clarity at a time when so many
others would want to
equivocate as a veteran of the IDF
including the Yong kapor War I feel
fortunate at this time to be at Yeshiva
University where the university as an
institution and my students and I are
united in support
of
Israel yiva university has a diverse
student body we learn together respect
each other and through shared values
create a community together right now
the world is experiencing a battle
between light and darkness and a lot of
that darkness is taking place on a
Collegiate level on other college
campuses it's important that a place
like Yu is fostering more light and
providing infrastructure for students to
do the same to spread goodness in the
world we are shaping the next generation
of leaders and supporters of Israel fear
does not exist on our campus hate speech
isn't found in our community we stand
together with
Israel yes University's unwavering
support for Israel and for the Jewish
people the world over has never been
more essential and critical than it is
today the Israeli flag waves on our
campus every day it always has and it
always will
[Music]