on behalf of all members of you of the
University's Board of Trustees it is my
great pleasure to offer sincerest
congratulations to the class of 2020 on
the occasion of its graduation
commencement is always a highlight of
each year in the life of our wonderful
University it's a day when we gather
together to celebrate not just an ending
but also an exciting new beginning to
the next chapters in your stories as
members of the weiu community there's a
particularly bittersweet nature to this
year's commencement because in a way
that none of us could have ever
predicted the end of your weiu student
experience was forever changed and not
allowed to end in the fashion you or any
of us would have preferred it to end the
coronavirus our world is battling has
taken much from all of us and taken
everything from some among the things it
can take away or a change is the pride
we have in your commitment to learning
the joy we take and seeing you achieve
your academic goals and the excitement
we feel as you embark on your careers
and lives you see the university is
truly singular in the world and our
graduates leave our campuses each year
prepared to lead lives of meaning but
the challenges facing our world at this
very moment what could be more vital
than having young leaders like you going
out into that world ready and willing to
make a meaningful impact
that is something truly worth
celebrating before we move ahead with
today's celebration and award our
graduates with the degrees they've
earned I ask our global you Shiva
University family to watch along with me
a special tribute to the members of our
extended weiu community who we have lost
our prayers are with the family members
and friends who have lost loved ones
over these past weeks and months we hold
a special place in our hearts for those
taken from us too soon and we honor
their memories by holding to the ideals
of our beloved institution