[Music]
I've known a rye bourbon since in one of
the formative moments of my life he
hired me as the rabbinic intern at the
Jewish Center in the year that he became
the rabbi in my Behrman I found somebody
who was simultaneously a mentor and a
friend he was always focused both on my
own growth as a rabbi and at the same
time on how I and my colleagues could be
formed as one team herbermann is someone
who both sets a goal for the institution
that he leads but also brings those who
work for and with him together
each utilizing his or her own talents
and so now when we fast forward really
almost two decades later here we have of
course a parallel which is where now
rabbi Berman is taking the helm at
another institution with an
extraordinary history and now seeks to
chart a course for its future I'm so
excited
in pondering the fact that now he will
be leading an institution in which so
many students will be walking through
the doors and he will be helping each
one of them him or her grow into the
people and the Jews and the leaders that
God has called them to be
[Music]